hey this is Evelyn last time we talked I
was telling about my foreclosure
problems that my landlord just notified
me that I'd have to move soon so it set
me off looking for an apartment
and after weeks of you know being
stressed out and stuff I finally found a
place I should be citing the lease
tomorrow actually but I thought we come
in and take a look no this is just the
entrance oh there's a laundry room here
I have a bathroom over here and if you
come in close there's pretty nice
kitchen over here
they died well not dining table but I
guess counter here and we have this big
living room with like 180-degree views
from the 37th floor of Las Vegas if you
want to come outside might be a little
noisy I have this thick terrace like you
can see it goes all the way down across
the length of my apartment pretty fit
old about the view living in the villa
was pretty nice but I had the view of
the pool and over here we have the two
master bedrooms this one's a little bit
smaller it's got a really nice bathroom
nice big closet because I'm gonna have
to utilize all the closets in here
obviously and what this room has which
is really cool is this sliding door
open up all the way which i think is
pretty cool the other master bedroom
this room's a little bit bigger and we
have the bathroom this one's got a
double double think I really like this
bathroom and that's about it
it's not that huge I guess what it's
bigger than my own my other place but
it's actually gonna have hardwood floors
put in I talked to the owner and he
agreed to put in hardwood floors cuz I
hate carpet yeah this is my new place
I'm really excited so now we're over at
the pool and the the new tower that I
moved to it's pretty nice pool I think I
had like a hotel feel I think and you
know they got music playing and it's
kind of cool so besides the apartment
search I've just been kind of home
chilling acting a little bit oh my
boyfriend LexA felt out who was on the
first event of the main event for the
World Series and he got a lot of really
good feedback it was cool getting to
watch him on TV and hearing everybody
say nice things about him because he
played like an animal
he raised every hand bluffed every hand
and then finally when he had like you
know pocket kings you know he got action
on those two so it was really exciting
for him the day after tomorrow actually
on Wednesday
I'm flying to San Francisco I actually
just came back from San Francisco I went
to play in this preview for the Guitar
Hero 5 game that is not out yet so I did
that a couple weeks ago and on Wednesday
I'm going back to San Francisco to play
Beatles rock band which I'm also excited
about
that'll be cool getting to play these
games before everybody else does and you
know it's a nice trip to San Francisco
staying at my favorite hotel and besides
that probably go back to Toronto for a
little bit after this and then after
Europe cool well thanks for coming to
check out my new place and I guess I'll
see you guys next time hopefully I'll be
all moved in